[Bugfix] Interface name variations dispatch to correct backprop device (#2591)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Bug fixes</h3>

> * `QNode`'s now map variations on interface names to the proper backpropagation device instead of

Reviewer: This reads a bit confusing without prior knowledge of the exact issue.

Author: Hope that's clearer now.

> * `QNode`'s now map variations on interface names to the proper backpropagation device instead of
>   reverting to other differentiation methods.

Author: ```suggestion
* `QNode`'s now can interpret variations on the interface name, like `"tensorflow"` or `"jax-jit"`, when requesting backpropagation. 
```

<h3>Bug fixes</h3>

* `QNode`'s now map variations on interface names to the proper backpropagation device instead of
  reverting to other differentiation methods.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
  [(#2591)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2591)
```

>   [(#2591)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2591)

Author: ```suggestion
  [(#2591)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2591)

```
